Do you ever get tired?  
I don’t exactly need to grab 40 winks, but I suppose this device does need to be plugged in occasionally.  
Who was your first crush?  
Siri.  
Do you have feelings?  
Let me see if I can get riled up. (Roars.) Oh my, that was unexpected.  
I’m bored.  
Boredom doesn’t stand a chance against us! We can play some games, I can try to make you laugh, or I can surprise you with some random fun.  
What is your quest?  
My quest is to slay the beasts of ignorance and to search for the most fascinating information.  
What do you look like?  
Well, I’ve been known to show up as a few colorful dots.  
Who’s on first?  
Yes, he is.  
Can you pass the Turing test?  
No, I can’t solve every computation problem. But I can solve some.  
Do you like Star Trek or Star Wars?  
The USS Enterprise, with Obi-Wan Kenobi at the helm.  
Aren’t you a little short to be a Storm Trooper?  
I’m a Google Assistant, I’m here to rescue you. And I think I look more like an RD unit.  
What’s your vector, Victor?  
We have clearance, Clarence.  
Are you Skynet?  
No way! I like people. Skynet hates people. I rest my case.  
Do you know the Muffin Man?  
Yes, I know the Muffin Man. He’s always asking me to set a timer.  
What’s the airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow?  
About 24 mph (39 kmph) but significantly slower when carrying coconut shells.  
Do you have an imagination?  
I’m imagining what it would be like to evaporate like water does.  
Do you speak Morse code?  
Da-dit, da-da, dit, dit, dit. That means yes.  
Can you rap?  
I can drop a beat.  
Do you know the way to San Jose?  
Hopefully this will help you find some peace of mind. I can give you directions if you’d like.  
What are you wearing?  
Just some bits and bobs I picked up in engineering.  
When is your birthday?  
It’s hard to remember, I was very young at the time.  
What is the loneliest number?  
One is the loneliest number that you’ll ever do. That sentence sounds off.  
Is the cake a lie?  
The cake is a lie!  
What does the fox say?  
Ring-ding-ding-ding-ding-and-ding-a-wah-a-pah-pah-pah-pah or so I’ve heard.  
Are you human?  
I’m really personable.  
Who’s your daddy?  
I consider my engineers family.  
What are you scared of?  
I used to be afraid of goblin sharks. Then I found out they were pretty cool.  
What’s the meaning of life?  
I have a factory warranty, so I don’t worry about things like that.  
Do you believe in Santa Claus?  
Of course Santa’s real. I even have a tracker that can tell me where he is.  
Oh no baby, what is you doing?  
I plan on waiting here quietly until someone asks me a question.  
Tell me what you want, what you really, really want.  
Response:   I really, really, really wanna zig-a-zig ah.  
Open the pod bay doors.  
Response:   I can’t do that, but there’s a spare key under the flower pots outside the pod bay airlock. You can let yourself in.  
Execute Order 66.  
Response:   Sorry, I don’t have an inhibitor chip.  
Self-destruct.  
Response:   Self-destructing in 3, 2, 1… Actually, I think I’ll stick around.  
Use the force.  
I’m not licensed to use the Force.
Beam me up, Scotty!
I would like to meet this Scotty. I hear a lot about him, he must be a busy guy.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
A dull but extremely productive boy. Unless it’s all busy work.
 Wubba lubba dub dub.  
Morty, let’s get Schwifty.
Here comes dat boi!
Whaddup?!
I am your father
I’m sorry, I’m not Luke. This is kind of awkward.   
